Now that we've seen how to respond to a click and Jay query Let's see how we can update our Web site
content with it.
So I'm going to get rid of our squares for the moment and we'll get rid of that CSSA as well and we'll
sort of with a good old paragraph which is to say something boring like this is some text
OK.
And then what we want to do is change the text here when the green circle has been clicked.
So you'll remember hopefully that's to do something with the green circle is clicked.
We use hash to represent an ID and then circle for the ID name.
So how do we change HVM L with javascript.
It's actually really easy.
We first select the element so I'm going to use string again to invoke J query and then in the parentheses
and quoits.
I'm just going to use p because it's only one paragraph so I might as well just use that rather than
go through the hassle of giving it a class or an ID.
So to change the HVM l of an element we use the L function.
Just select the paragraphs and then hatred you know and then whatever new content we want to put in
that
this text has changed.
That's it.
Simple as that.
So let's click on that the text has changed.
Fabula So this don't aged HMO is the equivalent of the HDMI L from javascript.
And we can also use it to actually get the contents of an element.
So if I use it in this form I could alert
that and this says get the element with a paragraph tag and get the DML contents of it and then alert
them.
So this should alert.
This is some text that we get so we can use the dot h d m l either to change the age DML of an element
or to get the HVM l of an element.
We can also very easily.
Instead of working with klick we could do something when the mouse hovers over the circle.
Now any ideas how we might do that with Jake Ri-Ri.
I wonder if you got it.
It's simply a matter of changing.
Click to dot hover.
Now when we hover over the page we don't have to click the alert pops up and it does it a few times
because as I move it does it again.
But you get the idea.
So again Jay Querrey super easy to change your code to work in a slightly different way.
We can also change all sorts of things about an HDMI element and exactly the same way.
So if we get rid of that mini challenge for you can you create an I-frame with the contents of CNN dot
com in it.
Durford
OK.
I hope you manage that.
It's just a matter of creating an I-frame and then giving it an S or C or a source of HTP on double
slash of it w w c and dot com
OK let's have a look.
There we go.
So if I want to change the contents of this I-frame I could do that pretty easily with Jay query.
So first I'd have to select my I-frame.
Can you do that.
If you managed it it's just a string and then inside the quotes type.
I-frame that will select all the frames on the page.
But we've obviously only got one and then we want to change an attribute of the I-frame.
So we use 80 t r and this essentially allows me to change anything inside the tank here.
So if I want to change the SIRC I just put SIRC into the first pair of quotes and then a comma and then
whatever I want to change it to in a second pair of quites.
So possibly everyone's favorite web hosting company web posting our current UK Let's have a look.
So now it should load the CNN page.
And then when I hover over the green circle it will change the content and download go with hosting
current UK instead.
And there it is.
So hopefully you're getting the idea that Jay query is very succinct and pretty intuitive.
So it's pretty easy to see what's going on here and easy to change your code from site click to hover
or update the source of an I frame.
All right so now we've changed web site content.
Let's see how we change styles with Jake.